# PTO ManagerThe paid-time-off manager is an departmental solution for managing time-off requests for employees and managers. This application is a work in progress and we will be releasing updated versions periodically. But PTO is an example of a secure multi-user business application that we are using in our San Jose office.## Quickstart* Download Wakanda from http://wakanda.org/downloads/* Double-click PTOb201.waSolution file* Inside Studio click "Run Project"* See admin interface at http://localhost:8081/admin.html* Employee interface at http://localhost:8081/index.html## FeaturesPTO consists of two applications. The main application (/index.html) is used by employees to request time off from work, and for managers to authorize those requests - or  as our Chief Marketing Manager Michel Gerin likes to say - reject those requests. The second application (/admin.html) is used to setup the PTO application for use by adding User accounts and adding company holidays. Of course there is more to come. There is one user in the Wakanda Directory - "admin" with a password of "a". Use this admin user to login to the Admin application. In the admin application you will notice a User account has an "role" attribute. You can assign each employee a manager. All accounts (regular and manager) are stored in the User dataclass. There is an example of a recursive relation attribute in the User dataclass named "myManager". So an employee User entity will point to their manager's User entity with this attribute. Wakanda makes handling recursive relation attributes super easy!In the Admin application assign Floating Holidays and Paid Time Off hours to the users. Each users password is set to their last name. Go ahead and create a few company holidays. My birthday is August 24th in case you want everyone to take that day off.Next launch the main PTO application (index.html) and sign in as one of the users. You will see their existing Paid Time Off requests in the grid on the left. Hit the "create" button to request some time off. Employees have Floating Days that can be used in one day increments, and Paid Time Off hours that can be used in increments from one hour to eight hours. Go ahead and create some PTO requests. To get started you can login with user "drobbins", password "robbins". Make a request for Paid Time Off. You can login as my manager Tom Miller - username "tmiller", password "miller".## FeedbackHave fun playing with PTO. I hope it helps you get started with your own Wakanda project. If you have any questions feel free to drop me a line at dave@wakanda.org.## LicenseRelease under the MIT license.October 10, 2012.